<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs with-toc">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>0131 raw mtg notes · WebPlatform Docs</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/docs.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/highlight.css" />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <!--[if lt IE 7]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE7.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE8.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE9.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/ie7.css"><![endif]-->
    
    
    
    <script src="/bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="/bower_components/vue/dist/vue.min.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr skin-webplatform action-view">
    
    <header id="mw-head" class="noprint">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="p-logo">
            <a href="/"  title="Visit the home page"></a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </header>
    <nav id="sitenav">
    <div class="container">
      <ul class="links">
          <li><a href="/" class="active">THE DOCS</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/Community">CONNECT</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/WPD/Contributors_Guide/">CONTRIBUTE</a></li>
          <li><a href="/blog/">BLOG</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </nav>

    <div id="siteNotice">
      <div id="localNotice" dir="ltr" lang="en">
    
        <div class="notice" style="margin:10px auto; position: relative; width: 90%; max-width: 950px;">
          <div style="padding: 10px; border-radius: 4px; background-color: rgb(249, 247, 243); box-shadow: 0px 0px 1px rgb(167, 169, 172);">
            <strong>Notice:</strong>&nbsp;The WebPlatform project, supported by various stewards between 2012 and 2015, has been <b>discontinued</b>. This site is now available on <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/webplatform.github.io/">github</a>.
          </div>
        </div>
    
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="mw-body">
      <div class="container">
        <a id="top"></a>
        <div class="tool-area">
              <div id="hierarchy-menu">
                  <ol id="breadcrumb-info" class="breadcrumbs">
                    <li><a href="/">DOCS</a></li>
                  	<li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/">WPD/Community</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/">Meetings</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/">General</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/">2014</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/0131_raw mtg notes/">0131 raw mtg notes</a></li>
                  </ol>
              </div>
        </div>
        <div id="page">
          <div id="page-content">
            <div id="main-content">

<h1>0131 raw mtg notes</h1>
<pre><code>julee
9:02 can anyone scribe?
renoirb
9:05 scribenick: renoirb
9:05 imaginarysteve [~imaginary@174.46.125.167] entered the room.
renoirb
9:05 AGENDA: The JS Import
9:06 Max: A few pages are in the way
9:06 ... should move them out of the location. mass move them
9:06 ... some seems to be good enough: libraries and tutorials
9:06 ... but others could be selected manually
renoirb
9:07 Julee: I can do that no problem
renoirb
9:07 ... move to Meta namespace so we can use for merge work later down the road
renoirb
9:08 Max: I do not want to pressure you Julee... but if you do it in within next 6 hours. I can do that today
9:08 Julee: yes i can totally do that
renoirb
9:09 ... I will move the current 'javascript' with all the children (MW gives the option)... and create a new javascript blank page
eliezerb
9:10 \o/
renoirb
9:10 Max: The import do not create a 'javascript' landing page
renoirb
9:10 Julee: I'll create that top level page no problem
renoirb
9:11 ACTION: Max to do the final import tonight
9:11 ack next
9:11 AGENDA: Blog posts from Max &amp; Eliezer
renoirb
9:11 Julee:  I saw the google docs you started
renoirb
9:12 Eliot: We'd like to cover the structure and more whats going on than the technical aspects
9:13 Max: i can write the blog post
9:13 ACTION: Max to write blog post draft
9:13 ack next
9:13 Eliot: Please make sure the tone is friendly/funny
9:14 ... we want to cheer up blog post tone
9:14 AGENDA: Preparing for Web Platform Wednesdays restart with JS content
renoirb
9:15 Julee: We are going to focus on EcmaScript v @@
renoirb
9:16 ... we are going to work from a spreadsheet instead of MW table
eliezerb
9:17 We could create a Open Badge
renoirb
9:17 ... to use this to know where to work on and I'll make reports based on that
renoirb
9:17 Julee: We had the firestarter and we should have a new badge
renoirb
9:17 ACTION: To ask Doug if he wants to create a new badge
9:18 Eliot: We should make sure people to approve it
9:18 dobalina [~dobalina@gateway/tor-sasl/dobalina] entered the room.
renoirb
9:18 Julee: Anyone can create a badge. We send it to the list and in a General meeting, group can approve it.
9:19 ptressel left the room (quit: Remote host closed the connection).
renoirb
9:19 Julee: 1 Badge to create that badge for the JS project
9:20 jorgepedret [~jorgepedr@70-36-56-110.dyn.novuscom.net] entered the room.
renoirb
9:20 ... If somebody wants to create a badge
9:20 ... he just have to propose on the mailing list, and the group will approve it
9:21 AGENDA:  Golden standard
julee
9:22 previous agenda items were:
9:22 rasmusebbesen [~rasmusebb@109.202.139.50] entered the room.
julee
9:22 * JS Import
** Final import
** Blog posts from Max &amp; Eliezer
* Preparing for Web Platform Wednesdays restart with JS content
** Spreadsheet &amp; landing page are done
** We need another badge, no?
9:22 Now: Golden standard
9:23 shepazu [~shepazu@192.150.22.55] entered the room.
9:23 mode (+o shepazu) by ChanServ
renoirb
9:23 Julee: Is there somebody who wants to make a golden standard
9:24 rasmusebbesen left the room (quit: Read error: Operation timed out).
renoirb
9:25 Eliot: Every page should review and be compared to a list that fits against the standard spec
renoirb
9:25 Julee: I will have a spreadsheet all specs and their documents
renoirb
9:26 ... On that, we need to have a page to use as an example (hence: Golden standard page)
9:26 ... that include examples
9:26 ... links and references
9:27 ... so we need that ONE VOLUNTEER to make that example page
9:27 ... and the community to review it
9:28 ACTION: Somebody to find a volunteer for that Golden page :)
9:28 shaunbak_ left the room (quit: Remote host closed the connection).
renoirb
9:29 Julee: Also we can accept people to volunteer on specific section of a content page
9:29 shaunbaker [~shaunbake@2001:67c:90:7ff:154f:675:6ac9:a6e9] entered the room.
renoirb
9:30 ... I am suggesting that we use the Array page as the candidate to be the page to use
9:30 renoirb: agrees with the Array page
9:30 jorgepedret left the room (quit: Quit: Computer has gone to sleep.).
renoirb
9:30 AGENDA: Schedule
renoirb
9:31 JuleE: there is about 360 pages
renoirb
9:31 ... with various levels of information depth
9:32 ... if we target about 50 pages a week. We are maybe looking at 6 months of work
9:32 ... lets see how many contributors we have.
9:32 ... we are going to have a few DocSprints coming in.
9:32 ... a lot can be done during those
9:33 shaunbaker left the room (quit: Ping timeout: 245 seconds).
renoirb
9:33 Eliot:  Due to the number of DocsSprints, we are looking at a 6 months as a baseline
julee
9:34 AGENDA: Site stability
9:34 renoirb: last time, after the migration, load balancing was needed between server instances
9:34 … I'm in the process of moving around the VMs
9:35 … it's a slow process. Not to do during the wee.
9:35 … I'll do it on the weekends.
9:35 … A blocker is that 1 isn't being used at all.
9:35 … We'll use that 4th one for swapping.
9:35 arnaudb left the room (quit: Remote host closed the connection).
julee
9:36 … I'm also fine tuning install, adjust apache servers between servers.
9:36 julee: how long to get to HA 99%
9:36 ?
9:36 renoirb: right now it works well.
9:37 … there's a lot of work to do.
9:37 … there's also compatibility table work so I can't work on this all the time.
9:37 … It's hard to have just one person on this.
9:37 … There's always something to do.
9:37 … I want to say next week,
9:37 … But let's say 1 month.
9:37 … I have to install tools to make sure.
9:38 … wish I could have more reassurance.
9:38 julee: if you install tools, you'll be able to predict better.
9:38 renoirb : I see in current tools what's happening
9:38 … But when you see 503s, I need to adjust things.
9:39 … Errors on servers are always going to be a 503 or whatever.
9:41 ckwalsh [~ckwalsh@facebook/platform/ckwalsh] entered the room.
julee
9:41 julee: predictability first, then HA for contributors
9:41 renoirb: I know this is important
9:41 … I am communicating
9:42 … I have a list I discuss with Doug
9:42 … We have systems that are giving us information
9:42 … We just need to make adjustments
9:42 … We don't have a crystal ball
9:42 … I need to work on it on the weekend
9:42 … And then monitor during the week
9:43 … I like that we make a blog post
9:43 … and we amplify it
9:43 morficus [~morficus@108-205-132-58.lightspeed.livnmi.sbcglobal.net] entered the room.
julee
9:43 … want to capture the failure for auto communication
9:44 … and communicating when something happens
9:44 eliot: I'll help you with a blog post
9:44 … and we understand the complexity you were handled
9:44 renoirb: it's not bad, just a big system
renoirb
9:45 ... and a lot of loose ends
julee
9:45 julee: yes, we appreciate all that renoirb is doing for us
9:45 renoirb: I have a plan that I communicated with Doug
9:46 … compatibility tables I'm also working on
9:46 alrra [~alrra@unaffiliated/alrra] entered the room.
julee
9:46 Max: we have an internal test app, bot to load down the servers to test capacities
9:46 renoirb: that would be nice
9:46 … I have a system that does a lot of pages
9:46 … a shell script
9:47 … but a loadtesting suite, that would be great to get some help to build that.
9:47 Max: it draws out problems.
9:47 jorgepedret [~jorgepedr@70-36-56-110.dyn.novuscom.net] entered the room.
julee
9:47 renoirb: could you help?
9:47 Max: sure, it's a longterm project, but yes
jensimmons
9:48 for the landing page discussion: http://webplatform.jensimmons.com/design/
9:48 morficus left the room (quit: Ping timeout: 272 seconds).
renoirb
9:49 AGENDA: Compatibility Tables
julee
9:49 AGENDA: compatibility tables
9:50 jorgepedret left the room (quit: Read error: Operation timed out).
renoirb
9:50 Pat
9:50 Pat tressel
9:50 eliot [836bc090@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.107.192.144] entered the room.
julee
9:50 renoirb: I got in touch with Pat Tressel
9:50 we are free to work on the compat tables
9:51 … there had been some discussions about how to represent it
9:51 ptressel [~chatzilla@174-31-227-126.tukw.qwest.net] entered the room.
julee
9:51 … all we want is to import MDN &amp; caniuse for now
9:51 … eventually, data will come from Testthewebforward
9:51 … Right now we have the code from Pat to build the HTML tables
9:52 … We're about to start this taskforce
9:52 … to use TestTWF
9:52 … Need to not cut off data that we have from MDN &amp; caniuse
9:53 … ^ historical data
9:53 … Testtwf will be additive
9:53 … browser sniffing as well
9:53 There are a lot of components
ptressel
9:53 (Little correction: The code is from frozenice, rather than Pat.)
julee
9:53 … Part of Testtwf project
eliot
9:54 Just  a point of clarity: I believe the goal is to uset he W3C test suite (which TestTWF donates tests to)
julee
9:54 Julee: can we get a plan?
eliot
9:55 q+
julee
9:56 Julee: would like to have more visibility on this plan
9:56 Are we triangulating data
9:56 What taskforce?
9:57 What if Testtwf doesn't have test?
9:57 Are we no longer going to take the contributed data from others and triangulate the data?
9:57 renoirb: we'll do browser sniffing and push the results
9:58 Julee: I gues there's already a taskforce &amp; designs, I look forward toseeing some of this.
9:58 Eliot: Testtwf : tests are donated
9:59 … the goal is to use this test suite to validate
9:59 … If no test, spec can't get to Recommendation phase without tests for each normative statement
9:59 … 6 figures for HTML5 of tests
9:59 …  10K tests are being donated!
10:00 … All specs need these test
10:00 … Ultimately, that's what we're going for
10:00 alrra left the room (quit: Quit: Leaving).
julee
10:00 … And then if we have sites that don't use normative tests, do we use that data?
10:01 … More like building a test harness than juggling folks who are creating these tests
10:01 jen: hope we still have a human element, here
10:01 eliot: Yes
10:01 … And what if spec doesn't have tests
10:02 jen: really is a resource : can I really use this right now
10:02 … test harness is great, but when data is aggregated and triangulated, it gives a human reality check
10:03 eliot: yes, but for the purpose of the compatibility table : it is about the data
10:03 jen: that's not how folks use caniuse
10:03 eliot: We're saying teh same thing
10:03 jen: but maybe we have different definitions of whether something works
10:03 … real word level of specs not working out
10:05 julee: The taskforce should be announced
10:05 … and plan should be published so folks can comment on it
renoirb
10:06 scribenick: renoirb
jensimmons
10:06 http://webplatform.jensimmons.com/design/
renoirb
10:06 Jen: If you go to ^
10:06 ... you see a prototype in progress
10:06 ... should get the idea of the model
10:06 ... could get the idea of the content hierarchy
10:07 ... do not look at the lower section
10:08 jorgepedret [~jorgepedr@64-46-23-103.dyn.novuscom.net] entered the room.
10:08 arnaudb [~arnaudb@72-18-233-188.static-ip.telepacific.net] entered the room.
renoirb
10:08 ... for the first page, doesn't matter if we have to update some of the content in the html directly
10:09 ... make sure that content such as next doc sprints
10:09 jorgepedret left the room (quit: Read error: No route to host).
10:10 jorgepedret [~jorgepedr@64-46-23-103.dyn.novuscom.net] entered the room.
renoirb
10:10 ... opinions
10:11 Eliott: I really like the direction you are going with this
renoirb
10:11 Julee: this is more what we need
10:11 jonatasnona left the room (quit: Ping timeout: 240 seconds).
renoirb
10:12 Jen: I just wanted to give direction, we should definitely agree with the content
renoirb
10:14 renoirb: seconds about Eliot and Julee
renoirb
10:14 adjourned
</code></pre>

<!-- Attributions: None declared for this document. -->
            </div>
            <div class="topics-nav">
              <ul>
                <li><a href="/docs/Beginners">Beginners</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts">Concepts</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/html">HTML</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/css">CSS</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts/accessibility">Accessibility</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/javascript">JavaScript</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/dom">DOM</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/svg">SVG</a></li>
              </ul>
            </div>
            <div class="clear"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer id="mw-footer">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="footer-wordmark">
          <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/docs/blob/master/LICENSE.md" class="license">
            <img src="/assets/cc-by-black.svg" width="120" height="42" alt="Content available under CC-BY, except where otherwise noted.">
          </a>
          <a href="/"><span id="footer-title">WebPlatform<span id="footer-title-light">.org</span></span></a>
        </div>
        <!-- ul class="stewards">
          <li class="steward-w3c"><a href="/stewards/w3c">W3C</a></li>
        </ul -->
      </div>
    </footer>
    <script src="/assets/js/docs.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
